on the third day of the bwin series
bari exceeds 2 ternana al san nicola
hitting the third win out of three is
without penalty would be first with
Sassuolo and Livorno is a wretch
exit of the brignoli goalkeeper and give away
at iunco ​​one to zero already at the first minute
the doubling reaches the twenty-eighth on
counter-attack action initiated by a
another error of the Umbrians of some this
turns into assists while
I understand that he is not wrong in front of
brignoli and starts another train
three knockouts out of three for the newly promoted Terni
win the croton bike that redeems the
brescia knockout beating 3 to 1 citadel
to scida
guests hit the half hour of
first time when carmine caught in
depth appears before
concepts and cold with right and la
shooting suddenly wakes up the
croton that comeback within three
minutes
I return to Rome to make the 1 to 1
with a good right play
dribbling to return to pellizzeri
conclusion on the first post
at the 35th it completes the calil comeback
breaks into the guest area with the help of
Combs and cordaz berries first goal
seasonal for the Brazilian who is
had made 17 last season
in the minutes of recovery participates in the
the Brazilian also celebrates the Calabrese
cage that starts from its defense if
he goes into the door with an amazing coast
to coast concluded from the left of 3
to 1
gives us a sweeping citadel in delirium
third win out of three for the pebble
that the summit resumes together with the
Livorno conquering impoli with a round
3 to 0
the absolute protagonist of the afternoon
Tuscan and Leonardo Pavoletti than at
seventh brings the neroverdi ahead
with a comfortable tap in after the pole
hit by missiroli is just the beginning
of the 24 - year - old striker's show back
to the stone after a brilliant season
to launch in pro league
at the fifteenth the number 8 must only
support in the network on the assist from
Trojan's left the pavoletti show
it continues to the 39th with the three of a kind marked
with a peremptory header on
gazelle cross 5 goals in three games
for the Livorno striker already on the run
in the top scorer chart
first season in the b1 series in a single mind
of castellamare between juve stabia e
vicenza beautiful action of the Venetians
to the eighth cross of mustacchio true of
molded and beaten by malonga
which is repeated after the double win at
cesena
the wasps manage to equalize to the
eighteenth at the end of an action
confused in the area biancorossa solves
scognamiglio
nice shot on the bank of mbakogu
depending on which in the series live the
Neapolitan defender who had punished
also last year in Vicenza ends 1
to 1 also the salvation challenge of pescara
between launch and ascoli beautiful the goal of
pay that brings you the advantage
Abruzzo to the twentieth the promising
midfielder owned by Brescia
fits on the assist of falcinelli
check and thread the corner with
the outside right
the listening draws to the third of the recovery
with zaza taking advantage of the mistake of
rosanìa and download his first one online
goals in Serie B will not unlock Padova
of pea that does not go beyond 1 to 1 in
home against the grosseto euganee or ice cream
at the twenty-first corner from the left
the heads of olive captains come in that
some way in pumpkin one to zero
the draw comes in the same way
padua is at the nineteenth of the recovery
celebrates the header of the new
entered the goal in goal on his day
return to the field two months later
released valuable success for the
livorno that keeps the pace of the stone
bending 2 to 1 the pro vercelli a
piacenza
amaranth in the lead over penalty conceded
to the forty-first for a foul of
bencivenga on schiattarella from
diskette goes paulinho that marked his
first goal of the season doubling that
seems to close the match virtually
arrives at the eighth of the recovery and is one
burning siligardi pearl in
speed the opposing defense and exceeds
valentines with a soft right touch
not his foot third splendid goal
consecutive for the reborn attacker
inter school but the pro vercelli reopens
the 22nd match with the tap in of de
sylvester who beats mazzoni first hour
he served him for the nineteen-year-old arrived
from the spring of juve
wins the match 2 to 1 in the postponement
of the 18 the spice extends 3 to 1 the
brescia the lombardi go to the
thirteenth thanks to the first goal in the series
saw Dutch gem buy again of
property of the juventus that to the second one
attempt is center on mitrovic's cross
for the spice it sans capitan sansovini
with a splendid conclusion on the fly
on the developments of a corner from the left
third goal in the league for the former
pescara striker the net of
overtaking comes in the shot on a
penalty disputed by the guests for foul
of welbeck on a gennaro from the spot
the same as gennaro does center like a
verona in the final there is also room for
the tris signed sansovini escape bovo a
right ball in the middle for the attacker
Roman who checks and sends
in the corner, giving yourself the second
double after the debut against
the vicenza 4 goals in the league for
sansovini one less than the top scorer
tales